updates to guides doc for order/limit (#1069)
knocklabs/docs: content/in-app-ui/guides/order-guides.mdx

---
title: Ordering guides
description: How to prioritize guides by ordering them in the Knock dashboard.
tags:
  [
    "guides",
    "content",
    "targeting",
    "activation",
    "lifecycle",
    "marketing",
    "tours",
  ]
section: Building in-app UI > Guides
---

> In this document you'll learn how to prioritize guides by ordering them in the Knock dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: I think we can skip this — already handled in the page description which is shown under the header.

- **Prioritizing important content.** Ensure critical announcements or onboarding flows take precedence.
- **Managing content sequence.** Control the sequence of educational content or feature announcements.
- **Creating better user experiences.** Deliver content in a logical order and at a pace that makes sense for your users.

## Guide ordering

The default behavior of the guide provider and the `useGuide` and `useGuides` hooks is to return eligible guides in chronological order, with the oldest created guides returned before more recently created guides.

You can change this behavior by manually ordering your guides in the Knock dashboard. This order overrides the default behavior and determines the order in which guides will be returned.

  <Callout
  emoji="⚠️"
  title="Note:"
  text={
    <>
      Guide order is set in each environment independently and is not subject to Knock's version control system. Therefore, changing the order will take effect immediately upon saving it.
    </>
  }
/>

### Setting guide order

You can set the order of a guide in the Knock dashboard:

<Steps titleSize="h3">

>   <Step title="Navigate to your guide">

Reviewer: @thomaswhyyou I can't remember the exact path for this... do we want to get to the individual guide or to the main guides page?

Author: Oh this should be the guides list page, like:
https://dashboard.knock-dev.app/knock/development/guides

---
title: Ordering guides
description: How to prioritize guides by ordering them in the Knock dashboard.
tags:
  [
    "guides",
    "content",
    "targeting",
    "activation",
    "lifecycle",
    "marketing",
    "tours",
  ]
section: Building in-app UI > Guides
---

## Overview

> Beyond basic [eligibility criteria](/in-app-ui/guides/create-guides#targeting), Knock provides ordering and throttling settings to control how active guides are displayed to users. When a user is eligible for multiple guides, Knock's ordering rules enable you to control the priority order. Throttle settings enable you to further customize the user's experience by controlling how many guides are shown simultaneously and how frequently they're displayed. Together, ordering and throttling ensure you can prioritize notifications without overwhelming users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beyond basic [eligibility criteria](/in-app-ui/guides/create-guides#targeting), Knock provides ordering and throttling settings to control how active guides are displayed to users. When a user is eligible for multiple guides, Knock's ordering rules enable you to control the order in which guides will render to the user. 

Throttle settings enable you to further customize the user's experience by controlling how many guides are shown simultaneously and how frequently they're displayed. Together, ordering and throttling ensure you can prioritize notifications without overwhelming users.
```

Small thing here but my found myself asking "what is priority order?" as a new reader here so recommend we just explicitly state what that means. Let me know if that sounds overly descriptive tho

And then also think worth a breakline when we get into throttle settings

- **Preventing guide collisions.** Control how many guides appear simultaneously.
- **Prioritizing important content.** Ensure critical announcements or onboarding flows take precedence.
- **Managing content sequence.** Control the sequence of educational content or feature announcements.
- **Creating better user experiences.** Deliver content in a logical order and at a pace that makes sense for your users.

## Guide ordering

The default behavior of the guide provider and the `useGuide` and `useGuides` hooks is to return eligible guides in chronological order, with the oldest created guides returned before more recently created guides.

You can change this behavior by manually ordering your guides in the Knock dashboard. This order overrides the default behavior and determines the order in which guides will be returned.

{" "}

<Callout
  emoji="⚠️"
  title="Note:"
  text={
    <>
      Guide order is set in each environment independently and is not subject to
      Knock's version control system. Therefore, changing the order will take
      effect immediately upon saving it.
    </>
  }
/>

### Setting guide order

You can set the order of a guide in the Knock dashboard:

> <Steps titleSize="h3">

Reviewer 2: The step components feel a little heavy to me here given how short copy is for each of them. Wonder if we can condense this into bullets or even a paragraph?

  <Step title="Navigate to the Guides page">
    Go to the Guides page in your Knock dashboard.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Edit order to order guides">
    Click on the "Edit order" button in the top right corner.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Set the guides order">
    While in "Edit order" mode, drag and drop guides to re-order them. Guides
    positioned higher on the page will be prioritized over guides below it.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Save your changes">
    Click the "Save order" button to apply the new order.
  </Step>
</Steps>

> <Image

Reviewer 2: For this image I think a nice touch would actually to be a little looping mp4. CleanshotX (https://cleanshot.com/) is the tool I use for this stuff and it makes it fast and easy. Feel free to expense @scoti-knock @thomaswhyyou (not sure who did this image). 

Also don't think we need this before sending to Webflow just a nice improvement before GA

  src="/images/concepts/guides/OrderingGuides.png"
  alt="Setting guide order in the Knock dashboard"
  width={1356}
  height={1452}
  className="rounded-md mx-auto border border-gray-200"
/>

## Guide throttling

> Consider implementing throttle settings to control how many guides are displayed simultanesouly and how frequently. By default, Knock shows guides one at a time, with each new guide appearing immediately after the previous one is dismissed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure a guide throttle window to control how much time elapses between two guides rendering. By default, Knock shows guides one at a time, meaning each new guide appears immediately after the previous one is dismissed. If you set a guide throttle window of five minutes, then five minutes will elapse between one guide being dismissed and another guide rendering. 
```

You can change this behavior by configuring throttle settings to delay the next guide for a set duration (e.g., "show 1 guide every X minutes/hours/days").

{" "}

<Callout
  emoji="⚠️"
  title="Note:"
  text={
    <>
      As with guide ordering, throttle settings is set in each environment
      independently and not subject to Knock's version control system. Saved
      throttle setting changes will take effect immediately.
    </>
  }
/>

### Configuring throttle settings

> <Steps titleSize="h3">

Reviewer 2: Same feedback here as above. Feels like it can be bullets

  <Step title="Navigate to the Guides page">
    Go to the Guides page in your Knock dashboard.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Open the throttle settings modal">
    Click on the "Throttle: .." button in the top right corner to open the
    throttle settings modal.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Set or unset throttle settings">
    Set a display interval by its value and unit. Clear out the inputs to unset
    it.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Save your changes">
    Click the "Save changes" button to apply the new throttle settings.
  </Step>
</Steps>

<Image
  src="/images/concepts/guides/ThrottleSettings.png"
  alt="Setting guide order in the Knock dashboard"
  width={1356}
  height={1452}
  className="rounded-md mx-auto border border-gray-200"
/>

### Opting guides out of throttle limit

In some cases, you may want to always render certain guides immediately regardless of any throttle limit that is being applied. For example, you may want to consistently render a banner regardless of whether or not other guides are displayed.

> You can opt one or more guides out of the throttle limit by moving them to the top of the page, above the throttle settings bar. You will need to be in editing mode to make these changes. Any guides you move into this section will bypass any throttle limit applied. They will also be returned ahead of other throttled guides.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can opt one or more guides out of the throttle limit by moving them to the top of the page, above the throttle bar. You will need to be in ordering mode to make these changes. Any guides you move into this section will bypass any throttle limit applied. They will also be returned ahead of other throttled guides.

Note that unthrottled guides still have a priority order. These guides will ignore the throttle, but still render one after the other when they share the same component. 
```

Reviewer 2: I think worth a shout here that unthrottled guides still have priority order. @thomaswhyyou can you check this and see if what I outline here is right?
